Important Dates:June 3  - 2nd meeting (see JETSet)June 10-20  - printing, editing at Takatori (everybody the first day or so)June 21  - turn in draft copy to Mr.MorimotoHere’s a quick summary of the things we talked about:Foreign Buyers’ Club (Jen)Foreign Travel (Andrea, Dimity?)Scooters (Geoff)Update info on e-mail/internet providers (Rob?)Food (Jen)Info on the various money-saving phone deals (0077, etc) (Geoff)Update info on Japanese language tutorsCultural Info: more phone numbers, etc (Rhun)new Ferry Schedulenew KIX flight scheduleKIX: train schedules, info on getting home from KIX (Dimity)References to info on Itami, Nagoya airports (i.e. how to get there)Innoculations info (Andrea)School/office phone numbers go into Team-Teaching HandbookGaikoku-kawase  include new forms, explain processHow to get Post-Office guide (what’s it called in Nihongo?)How to use washing machines, A/C, & other appliancesTaxes:  USA JETs call US consulate, ask for extension form!!How to register to vote in home country (Andrea)American Center--is it still open?English-language info:	US consulates Kyoto, Osaka	Tenri Univ Library (Jen Minge)	Osaka-fu Library	Nara Library (English periodicals?)	NIFSRecycling: Vocabulary, what programs exist, etc (Andrea, Rhun)Haircuts (vocab on explaining your perfect style (Andrea, Jen)Department stores:  TOPOS!Some more numbers to call for foreign catalog shoppingWomen’s Health  (Debbie)English-speaking doctor in Sakurai (Debbie?)Jetset’s list of English-speaking doctorsSexual Harassment:  who to call, what to do, how to prevent	(Dimity?, Rhun?)New Section (as yet un-named):	Restaurants, Entertainment, Culture, Recreation  (Rhun)	Here’s how we’ve divvied up the responsibilities:Rhun:  Restaurants, Entertainment, Cultural Info, RecreationThe Jennifers:  Getting Adjusted, Survival TipsDimity: Travel Info, Health(?)Geoff:  Scooters, Transportation, etcEverybody:  call 3-4 people and get their opinions on last year’s book, to catch things we didn’t talk about in the meeting.** If you have changes or additions, (1) send them to me (Geoff Jost) at the address in your Nara JET list or (2) hang on to them until the next meeting.