1996 HandbookTransportation: ScootersHow to get a license (Chris is writing down the procedures)How much overlap should we have with the Nara Living Guide published by the prefecture?  Should we take stuff from it, or not put in anything that's in there?  We need to check before doing the next handbook.  Money MattersGaijinÕs Guide to making money in Japan (Call Mark, find out the name of this seminar, the name of the guy who did it, where to get the book/pamphlet).  ÒYouÕve got a chance to make a bundle of money, so donÕt just blow it!Ó  According to XXX, Òif youÕre not saving ´100,000/month, youÕre blowing it financially.Ó  This is probably a bit exaggerated (after all, you donÕt want to spend your time in Japan just sitting in your room and staring at the wall), but itÕs probably a good goal to shoot for.  For most JETs, this is your first real job, so you donÕt have lots of experience, but the financial rewards are too great to pass upÑsave lots of money!!!For whoever does the next handbook:Here are a few observations about the process we went through to do the handbookWe would have made better use of our time if we had done more editing of last year's stuff and less re-writing.Eric Fu had a good way of re-working his section: he made photocopies of the pages and wrote corrections on them.  For small corrections he wrote on that page.  Larger stuff he indicated with footnote-like things and attached the paragraphs at the endWe should have done test runs of software, especially the indexing function of WordSend a group of computer nerds to Takatori a couple days before everyone else shows up, so they can get everything set up and ready to work. Load any software you plan to use onto the server and/or individual MacsLearn how to work the scannerSet up your printing prefs.  ÁÁÁAll formatting info changes if you switch from one printer to another (Laser printer -> DeskJet)!!!It's faster to use the DeskJets as your printers.  The difference in quality is not very big at all, and there are four printers.  This means you can break up the document into four chunks and print 4X as fast.Backround Printing:  Either turn it on in the Chooser on each computer, OR set up several extra computers with the same software (and same printer settings!! Check this!!) and use them whenever you need to print something.  Put the file on a disk, load it onto the computer and put it to work.Designate one computer as the file manager.  Put latest versions/finished files on this computer.  Appoint someone to watch over the versions of all the files.  This saves confusion.Be careful of different versions of files!  Make sure EVERYONE knows that they must SAVE their files frequently!  Macs crash just like any other computer!Figure out how to transfer files from MS-DOS format BEFORE you start work on the whole project.  Also figure out a way to transfer NEC files.Make sure everyone uses the same WP software, or at least same file format.Don't do any text formatting unless you're an editor.  Just write straight text.Agree on style formats before it all starts, make sure everyone understands the system, knows how to use it.Make a system for naming files that indicates which version they are, so you don't have to check Get Info... files so often.  OR sort folders by date.Find a way to read files produced on wapros.  Most probably can use MS-DOS format.Give each person a section to work on.  They will edit-rewrite for that section only!  If they have suggestion for another section, they should send it to whover's doing that section.  Don't mix it up, having people working on one section and taking Qs for another overlapping section!Use less info directly from sources (in other words, don't plagiarize so much)Go through previous Handbooks, looking for stuff that's been thrown out but actually is useful