Packing List for TakatoriLast Year’s book filesRuler (for measuring graphics, etc)Word Processing Software	Microsoft Word 5.1	Nisus WriterLast Year’s handbookMiscellaneous materials (bags)Latest CitySource phone bookNisus Writer ManualJob List for Tuesday June 18Type:	Climbing Mt. Fuji	On A Road Less Biked (print as is?)	Mike Davies, Ian Rosner articlesArtwork!!Scan and/or make spacers for graphics, like this:	Stuff for new Nara Handbook0077Tele-hodaithe service Ritz & I useInternet Providers (new KTO?)Call-Back ServiceBanking Card Cash Machines (make pronunciation chart)Libraries:	Nara Prefectural Library	NIFS	Tenri University Library	Tenri City Library?	new Osaka-fu Library	American Center	International House, OsakaKanji for:	A/C	VCRs	TVs	Rice Cookers	Washing MachinesTicket Machines picture:	Add kanji!!Picture of Pia Map Bunko bookBikes:  don’t just pick up any bike you see in the garbage--it may have been stolen.  Foreigners have been hassled by the police for riding bikes that match the discription of stolen bikes, so be careful!Scooters:	pict of that shortcuts  map bookInformation Sources:	Osaka: Kinokuniya (Umeda, OPA)	Kyoto: MaruzenKyoto	map, recommended books?Kobe 	mapNew JR Ticket machinesyou can buy kaisuuken, longdistance, even non-reserved shinkansen tickets at these machines ScootersNow that you know all about trains, planes, automobiles, You will have noticed the large numbers of people on the road astride scooters.  These are widely regarded to be one of the most dangerous forms of transportation in Japan, but with street smarts and equal portions of courage and caution, they’re quite handy for getting around.Stay off the main roads.  “Main roads” in Japan, you will have noticed, are about the size of residential streets back home (my home is in California), but the amount of traffic is about the same as on “real” main roads.  You’ll be riding for your life while battling cars, huge trucks, and even other scooters.  Instead of putting up with this, be smart, get a map book, and find alternate routes through quiet residential streets off the beaten track.  In the Nara Basin there are lots of rivers, canals and streams, and most of them have roads along their banks which make great A basic scooter (the motorized equivalent of a charinko) will cost you about ¥>>>>>>> new, but you may be able to find a used one.  One Nara AET was given a refurbished one, courtesy of his technical high-school shop class!  When you buy a scooter, you must go to your town hall and apply for an ownership certificate and a license plate (if you’re buying one used you must first go the town the vehicle is from and apply there for a change of ownership).  You’ll also need to get insurance for your new steed.  Check at the town hall where you registered or at a local scooter shop.  This insurance usually runs about ¥7000/year, and you must have it to ride legally.It’s much easier (and cheaper) to get a regular car license than a special motorcycle/scooter license, and the car license will allow you to ride any 50cc scooter.  Converting your home-country drivers’ license is not terribly difficult, Table of Contents is muddled:  K.I.S.S., have the extra info in each big sectionAmerican Center (info in JET And Beyond)The America Center, located at the American consulate in downtown Osaka, has loads of English-language information on current topics in a small reference library.  A small book collection, lots of current periodicals and a set of articles on CD-ROM make this a useful resource.  It’s America-centric, but there’s a good deal of info on Japan and Asia as well.GRE, other test info:  contact YMCAs (Osaka, Kyoto)(give #s)For information on taking the GRE, GMAT and other tests administered by the Educational Testing Service (ETS), check at the main Osaka and Kyoto YMCA’s.  They have current applications on file, as well as info on where future tests will be held.Scooter informationScooters have a reputation for being one of the more dangerous forms of transportation available to JETs, but this is probably an exaggeration.  By choosing your routes carefully and staying off the main streets you’ll be able to stay out of trouble. With their small size (easy parking!) and low fuel consumption (cheap!), scooters are suited to local shopping store excursions.  If you live along a local train line, it’s often cheaper and quicker to ride to the nearest station on the main line.  The last train on a local line is often shockingly early, but a scooter can get you home any time day or night.I inherited my scooter from a returning AET, who in turn got it from his commercial high-school shop class, who found it in a ditch and repaired it.  All that I had to do was to register it in my name in an afternoon of address-scribbling and hanko-stamping.  Here’s what you need to do (I’m assuming you alread have your license):•  Go to the city/town hall of the previous owner (if there is one) and apply for a change of ownership.  Take the licene plate and any documentation with you.•  Go to your city/town hall and apply, this time to have it registered in your name.  You should recieve a license plate on the spot.  You can also ask for information on the nearest place to apply for insurance (hoken).•  Apply for that insurance.  It runs about ¥7000 a year.  I’m not quite sure what it covers, but I know that it’s illegal to be on the road without it.Your supervisor may give you a hard time about riding it on school time, but unless your contract has been tampered with you’ll find that you’re authorized to commute to and from your base school.  Instead of asking for permission, follow the “don’t ask, don’t tell” policy--it’s easier to just do it and apologize if someone complains.  If you still have problems remind your tormentors about all the housewives and frail grandmas on the road and ask why you’re unable to take care of yourself.Now that you’ve broken in your steed, make sure you stay off the main roads, with their huge trucks and speed freaks.  Back streets and river bank roads may not be as direct, but you’ll feel better with less traffic around you.  Always remember that you’re smaller than anyone else who’s competing with for the right of way--just let ‘em go and you’ll feel better and be a lot safer.  Also keep in mind that you’re not nearly as visible as that huge dump truck, with its samurai paint job and blaring horns, so the more defensive you are the better.  Wear bright clothing, especially at night, and consider keeping your headlights on even during the day.One last note: it’s much easier and cheaper to get a regular car license (which allows you to operate a 50cc scooter) than a special motorcycle license.How to get Japanese drivers’ licenseMany JETs who are out on the streets got their licenses by converting International Drivers’ permits to their Japanese counterparts, but what if you forgot to get one, or if yours has run out?  I successfully converted my U.S. drivers’ license, and spent only about ¥10,000 to do it.  Here’s how the process worked:	•  Take your home-country license to a Japan Auto Federation (JAF) branch to get it translated.  The process takes several weeks and costs several thousand yen.	•  Report to the Kashihara license center near Ninokuchi (?) station at the specified time.	•  Take the a paper test in English.  It has about 10 questions, all pretty common sense.  After correctly passing the test, you will be shown a map of the driving course behind the testing building and told that you must remember the specific route printed on it.  Any deviation from the route (they don’t make copies--you just have to remember) will count against you in the test (I was never told why).	•  Drive around in circles while an official tester makes red marks on his papers.  If you’re from North America, take special care when you’re making right-hand turns--turn into the inner lane once and you’ll flunk the test!	•  If you do flunk, you can apply to take the test again after lunch.  You’re free to go out and walk the course a couple times, which helps you to avoid that critical right turn.	•  Stand in line and wait for procedures, have your picture taken.	•  The whole thing costs around ¥6,000 (it’s another couple thousand if you flunk the driving test)	•X• Even if don’t have car,get license, & be able to rent&travelRadio stations  FM CoCoLo, FM 802Leaving Japan	Make sure people know not to give big bulky presents (cash is best!)	Check Insurance	JET And Beyond  (but don’t duplicate)Update Internet ProvidersUpdate call-back service section (no specific references this time)Overseas Magazine subscriptionsOCS Import Circulation DepartmentTel 03-5476-8101/8103Fax 03-3451-9245**Don’t know if this is any cheaper than regular intnl ratesNew Returning Home sectionThings you need to do when you goAddresses to cancelHow to make a profit on your way home (airline ticket scam)NTT Kansai Home PageInfo on Kansai events, news.  http://www.ksi.cae.ntt.jp/Call-back services25%-70% cheaper than KDD, ITJ, IDC	¥40-¥90/min vs ¥300 for first minute and ¥150 after that	Call U.S. access number	Let it ring once	Hang up	Wait for the computer to call you back	When it calls, dial the country code & number you want to reachCan you call and check acount info automatically?Do you get charged for dialing time?Payment options? (credit card, bank transfer, etc.)Are there registration and minimum monthly usage fees?Catchphone (Call Waiting)Is an NTT service which alerts you about incoming phone calls while you’re on the line.  You can switch lines and talk to both parties.  This is a problem for computer users, however, because the catchphone signal breaks the modem connection everytime someone calls.  NTT has provided a solution in Catchphone II, a ¥250/month service which diverts incoming calls to a recorded message telling the caller that you’re on the line at the moment.  They can leave a recorded message, and the NTT computer will call you back when you’ve finished and pay the message for you.  You can set how many times the catchphone signal will ring before the call goes to the recorded message—Internet users can simply set it to zero when they go on-line, and hear any messages once they’re off-line.  For more info about this service, dial 116 (NTT Information).NTT Information & Directory Assistance  Dial 116  (Nihongo)Dealing With Obnoxious Phone CallsNTT has two services to help you deal with whatever unwelcome attempts at internationalization may come your way: the “double number” service, and the “call block”.